[DOCS] Update kmip.mdx to add Cert Authority details (#23907)
hashicorp/vault: website/content/docs/secrets/kmip.mdx

    ```text
    $ vault write kmip/config listen_addrs=0.0.0.0:5696
    ```
### KMIP Certificate Authority for Client Certificates

> When the KMIP Secrets Engine is initially configured, Vault generates a KMIP 
> Certificate Authority (CA). This CA is used when client certificates are generated  
> for authenticating with Vault using the KMIP protocol. This CA is always generated 
> by Vault and is not able to be imported to Vault. The CA's only purpose is for 
> authenticating KMIP Client certificates.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When the KMIP Secrets Engine is initially configured, Vault generates a KMIP 
Certificate Authority (CA) whose only purpose is to authenticate KMIP client
certificates.

Vault uses the internal KMIP CA to generate certificates for clients
authenticating to Vault with the KMIP protocol. You cannot import external KMIP
authorities. All KMIP authentication must use the internally-generated KMIP CA.
```

Style correction: write in the active voice
